{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red193\green193\blue193;\red12\green12\blue12;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 LDA output\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Topic 1: queri tabl data databas use sql creat column insert want like mysql record db need id result select valu updat\
Topic 2: element use view click button css add code div scroll item want set insid html see like text page contain\
Topic 3: function use return array valu call like object get variabl pass list code string loop data result need want method\
Topic 4: use test azur code script api help document refer pleas could googl work powershel group microsoft detail also run hope\
Topic 5: use compon like react render rout state chang import need app angular look exampl load js modul updat hook instead\
Topic 6: use imag color plot model exampl label map line data code point want layer get chart set creat like differ\
Topic 7: column date use row data time format want valu sheet cell tabl day datafram first get like excel exampl order\
Topic 8: code form user click input page show field work button select valu want view like creat list check add display\
Topic 9: user request api use access get authent token account respons servic server client send call url header email login app\
Topic 10: build git branch job environ use github local pipelin chang commit plugin version one configur deploy project profil run merg\
\
CHATGPT INTERPRETATIONS:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Database Operations (SQL)
\f3\b0 : This topic seems to revolve around SQL queries and database operations. It mentions various SQL-related terms such as querying tables, creating columns, inserting data, updating records, and selecting values.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Frontend Development (HTML/CSS)
\f3\b0 : This topic is related to frontend development, particularly HTML and CSS. It mentions elements like buttons, divs, and scrolling behavior, indicating a discussion on user interface design and styling.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Functions and Data Manipulation
\f3\b0 : This topic appears to discuss functions and data manipulation operations in programming. It mentions concepts like returning values from functions, working with arrays and objects, and performing operations like loops and string manipulations.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Scripting and API Usage (Azure)
\f3\b0 : This topic involves scripting, API usage, and documentation, particularly related to Microsoft Azure. It discusses scripting languages, APIs, and references to Azure documentation and tools.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Frontend Frameworks (React, Angular)
\f3\b0 : This topic seems to focus on frontend frameworks like React and Angular. It mentions components, rendering, routing, and state management, indicating discussions related to building user interfaces with these frameworks.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Data Visualization and Modeling
\f3\b0 : This topic revolves around data visualization and modeling techniques. It mentions elements like images, colors, plots, models, and charts, suggesting discussions related to visualizing and analyzing data.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Data Manipulation (Excel)
\f3\b0 : This topic is related to data manipulation, possibly within Excel or similar spreadsheet applications. It mentions columns, rows, dates, times, and formatting operations on tabular data.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Form Handling and User Interaction
\f3\b0 : This topic discusses form handling and user interaction on web pages. It mentions user clicks, input fields, validation, and displaying dynamic content based on user actions.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 API Integration and Authentication
\f3\b0 : This topic involves API integration and authentication processes. It mentions user requests, access tokens, authentication mechanisms, and client-server communication protocols.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Software Development Lifecycle (Git, GitHub)
\f3\b0 : This topic appears to be about the software development lifecycle, particularly version control with Git and GitHub. It mentions branching, merging, local development environments, pipelines, and deployment configurations.\cb1 \
}